## `Fee1155`





### `onlyMinters()`

A custom modifier which permits only approved minters to mint items.




### `constructor(string _uri, contract FeeOwner _feeOwner, address _proxyRegistryAddress)` (public)

Construct a new ERC-1155 item with an associated FeeOwner fee.

    @param _uri The metadata URI to perform token ID substitution in.
    @param _feeOwner The address of a FeeOwner who receives earnings from this
                     item.
    @param _proxyRegistryAddress An OpenSea proxy registry address.



### `isApprovedForAll(address _owner, address _operator) → bool isOperator` (public)

An override to whitelist the OpenSea proxy contract to enable gas-free
    listings. This function returns true if `_operator` is approved to transfer
    items owned by `_owner`.

    @param _owner The owner of items to check for transfer ability.
    @param _operator The potential transferrer of `_owner`'s items.



### `setURI(string _uri)` (external)

Allow the item owner to update the metadata URI of this collection.

    @param _uri The new URI to update to.



### `approveMinter(address _minter, bool _approval)` (external)

Allows the owner of this contract to grant or remove approval to an external
    minter of items.

    @param _minter The external address allowed to mint items.
    @param _approval The updated `_minter` approval status.



### `create(uint256[] initialSupply, uint256[] _maximumSupply, address[] recipients, bytes data) → uint256` (external)

This function creates an "item group" which may contain one or more
    individual items. The items within a group may be any combination of
    fungible or nonfungible. The distinction between a fungible and a
    nonfungible item is made by checking the item's possible `_maximumSupply`;
    nonfungible items will naturally have a maximum supply of one because they
    are unqiue. Creating an item through this function defines its maximum
    supply. The size of the item group is inferred from the size of the input
    arrays.

    The primary purpose of an item group is to create a collection of
    nonfungible items where each item within the collection is unique but they
    all share some data as a group. The primary example of this is something
    like a series of 100 trading cards where each card is unique with its issue
    number from 1 to 100 but all otherwise reflect the same metadata. In such an
    example, the `_maximumSupply` of each item is one and the size of the group
    would be specified by passing an array with 100 elements in it to this
    function: [ 1, 1, 1, ... 1 ].

    Within an item group, items are 1-indexed with the 0-index of the item group
    supporting lookup of item group metadata. This 0-index metadata includes
    lookup via `maximumSupply` of the full count of items in the group should
    all of the items be minted, lookup via `currentSupply` of the number of
    items circulating from the group as a whole, and lookup via `groupSizes` of
    the number of unique items within the group.

    @param initialSupply An array of per-item initial supplies which should be
                         minted immediately.
    @param _maximumSupply An array of per-item maximum supplies.
    @param recipients An array of addresses which will receive the initial
                      supply minted for each corresponding item.
    @param data Any associated data to use if items are minted this transaction.



### `mint(address to, uint256 id, uint256 amount, bytes data)` (external)

Allow the item owner to mint a new item, so long as there is supply left to
    do so.

    @param to The address to send the newly-minted items to.
    @param id The ERC-1155 ID of the item being minted.
    @param amount The amount of the new item to mint.
    @param data Any associated data for this minting event that should be passed.



### `mintBatch(address to, uint256[] ids, uint256[] amounts, bytes data)` (external)

Allow the item owner to mint a new batch of items, so long as there is
    supply left to do so for each item.

    @param to The address to send the newly-minted items to.
    @param ids The ERC-1155 IDs of the items being minted.
    @param amounts The amounts of the new items to mint.
    @param data Any associated data for this minting event that should be passed.




### `ItemGroupCreated(uint256 itemGroupId, uint256 itemGroupSize, address creator)`

An event for tracking the creation of an item group.



