## `Shop1155`






### `constructor(string _name, contract FeeOwner _feeOwner, contract Staker[] _stakers)` (public)

Construct a new Shop by providing it a name, FeeOwner, optional Stakers. Any
    attached Staker contracts must also approve this Shop to spend points.

    @param _name The name of the Shop contract.
    @param _feeOwner The address of the FeeOwner due a portion of Shop earnings.
    @param _stakers The addresses of any Stakers to permit spending points from.



### `getStakerCount() → uint256` (external)

Returns the length of the Staker array.

    @return the length of the Staker array.



### `getInventoryCount() → uint256` (external)

Returns the number of items in the Shop's inventory.

    @return the number of items in the Shop's inventory.



### `addStakers(contract Staker[] _stakers)` (external)

Allows the Shop owner to add newly-supported Stakers for point spending.

    @param _stakers The array of new Stakers to add.



### `listItems(struct Shop1155.PricePair[] _pricePairs, contract Fee1155[] _items, uint256[][] _ids, uint256[][] _amounts)` (external)

Allows the Shop owner to list a new set of NFT items for sale.

    @param _pricePairs The asset address to price pairings to use for selling
                       each item.
    @param _items The array of Fee1155 item contracts to sell from.
    @param _ids The specific Fee1155 item IDs to sell.
    @param _amounts The amount of inventory being listed for each item.



### `removeItem(uint256 _itemId, uint256 _amount)` (external)

Allows the Shop owner to remove items.

    @param _itemId The id of the specific inventory item of this shop to remove.
    @param _amount The amount of the specified item to remove.



### `changeItemPrice(uint256 _itemId, struct Shop1155.PricePair[] _pricePairs)` (external)

Allows the Shop owner to adjust the prices of an NFT item set.

    @param _itemId The id of the specific inventory item of this shop to adjust.
    @param _pricePairs The asset-price pairs at which to sell a single instance of the item.



### `purchaseItem(uint256 _itemId, uint256 _amount, uint256 _assetId)` (external)

Allows any user to purchase an item from this Shop provided they have enough
    of the asset being used to purchase with.

    @param _itemId The ID of the specific inventory item of this shop to buy.
    @param _amount The amount of the specified item to purchase.
    @param _assetId The index of the asset from the item's asset-price pairs to
                    attempt this purchase using.




